
I was the last one to see Holly before she died.

It had been a pretty good night. We had talked a lot, and then she had driven me home in her mum's car.
We said bye, and then I went to sleep in the late morning.

At lunch I got a phone call from a popular guy at school, he was surprised answered. Then he quizzed me on what Holly and I had gotten up to.

Eventually I found out she had died in a car accident after dropping me off. Suspected suicide.

The weight of being the last one to talk to Holly was immense. Most of the grade attended the funeral.

Being an uncool kid, I was all of a sudden being asked lots of questions by the girls in the grade.
Rumors spread that I had attempted to rape her, or that we were in a suicide pact.

---

Holly Hau moved to Australia from China at the age of 15.

You asked her about what she thought Australia would be like.
She says "Beachy-clean".
But since moving to Australia she has never visited the beach. Instead she is stuck in this inland city, on a little river.

For the past three years she has had a hard time learning English, and convincing her parents that the high school doesn't give class positions.

You are the first person she has met to know about the Wuchang uprising, and even though you say the names funnily you at least have a basic understanding of historic people in China's history.
Sun-Yet-San, Chiang Kai-shek as well as 
(Mao Zedong, Hau Guofeng, Hu Yaobang, and then Jiang Zemin. 
Lee Teng-hui current president of Taiwan. After Chiang Ching-kuo and Chiang Kai-shek.)


HER Last words to you were: "I wish we spoke earlier".

Her mum is having another baby, and hopes to make a better family in Australia. Holly feels she is being put on the scrap heap...

---

Holly chats with you and explains how her mum is making her life hell.
She is not making grades, and her mum has ran away from her Dad and sleeping with random men trying to start an Australian family.

Holly knows that once a baby comes she will be unsupported, and need to return to China to compete in the system there. She will be behind because she moved to Australia for her Dad's business. But now he isn't supporting her, and her family has fallen apart.

---

(A cool guy at school) asks you to talk to her.
He tells you how Holly will let you bang her. How she gets fingered every party.
You have never really spoke to her, but she has shared many of your classes the past two years including.

~

One of the girls warns you that she doesn't talk much.

~

You are concerned the conversation will end, and as you part ways you will never get to know her...

---
If this was three parties. We could make the first party about meeting Holly.
The second party about the party before you meet Holly.
The third party maybe about you saving Holly...

---
After your conversation with Holly, she asks if you want to get breakfast together.
She takes you back to her place, where she cooks noodles.

You see her mum, and that she is pregnant (her mum vomits and then chastises Holly about something you don't understand). Then after you eat, Holly drives you home.

---